Misc. useful info
    1 pixel on the engine, at 1x zoom level, is 0.05cm
    Analogously, 1cm is 20 in-game pixels, and 1 in-game pixel is 0.5mm
    Dimensions:
                            Diameter  Radius  Height
        Pikmin (real):      0.5cm     0.25cm  1.2cm (head to feet, sans stem)
        Pikmin (engine):    10px      5px     24px  (head to feet, sans stem)
        Olimar (real):      1.6cm     0.8cm   2.3cm (helmet to feet, sans antenna)
        Olimar (engine):    32px      16px    46px  (helmet to feet, sans antenna)
    Pikmin throw times in Pikmin 2
        Red, Blue, White: 1.3
        Yellow: 1.6
        Purple: 1.8


To optimize the canon leaf shadow textures for use in the engine, do the following
    1) Convert it to black and white (Pikmin 2's are a bit blueish, but b+w works best for the engine).
    2) Apply an alpha mask of itself (inverted) onto itself. This makes the light areas transparent, and the dark ones opaque.
    3) Set the brightness to 0% (-100 in Paint.NET), and the contrast to 150% (50 in Paint.NET).
    4) Set the opacity of the whole thing to 75% (192 in Paint.NET).
    Ideally, you want the areas fully shrouded in shade to be close to RGBA 0 0 0 128, and the light areas should be fully transparent (0 alpha). Tweak the brightness on step 3 and the opacity on step 4 until you get these values.


Creating tree leaf shadow textures
    1) Get all of the leaf/branch textures you'll need (no background).
    2) Create a new image and place them at will.
    3) When done, turn the image black and white.
    4) Change the image's levels, and raise the input blacks to almost max (such that you only get a silhouette of the leafs).
    5) Paint the transparent parts between the leafs and edges of the image black (optional, but recommended).
    6) Lower this layer's opacity to 50%, more or less.
    7) Do a Gaussian Blur, such that the edges of the leafs aren't well defined, but they're still understandable as leafs (2 or 3 pixel radius might do the trick).


Notes on creating textures
    Google is your friend.
    GIMP's Heal selection http://registry.gimp.org/node/15118 plugin and Make seamless tool are a great help.


Creating sounds
    Save as an ogg, 8/10 quality, 16000 Hz
    
    Creating whistle sounds
        1) First, if the sound you're using doesn't have a continuous section of at least 3 seconds, you'll have to create it.
            1.1) Grab a continuous section of the sound and place it in a new project.
            1.2) Grab the starting 0.3s (more or less) and apply an Adjustable Fade. Type is Fade Up, Mid-fade adjust is 50, Start and End are 0 and 100.
            1.3) Grab the final 0.3s (more or less) and place them on a new track.
            1.4) Move this new track to the start of the sound.
            1.5) Apply Adjustable Fade on this new track. Same settings as before, except Type is Fade Down.
            1.6) Render both tracks into a single one. Use this as the whistle's loop.
        2) To create a whistle sound:
            2.1) Grab 0.130s of the loop, preferably somewhere along the middle, and place it in a track.
            2.2) Select the first 0.02s (more or less) and give it a fade in.
            2.3) Select the last 0.08s (more or less) and give it a fade out.
            2.4) That creates the first note of the whistle. After this note, add 2.87s worth of the loop sound.
            2.5) Select the first 0.02s (more or less) of this second note and give it a fade in.
            2.6) Add the "sine wave wobble effect" sound to another track.
            2.7) Crop to 3 seconds.
        3) To create a dismiss sound:
            3.1) Grab 0.8s of the loop, preferably somewhere along the middle, and place it in a track.
            3.2) Select the first 0.02s (more or less) and give it a fade in.
            3.3) Select the last 0.06s (more or less) and give it a fade out.
            3.4) That creates the first note of the dismiss sound. Copy and paste after to create the second note.
            3.5) To create the third note, do the same as for the first note, but its total duration is 0.32s, and the fade out lasts 0.08s.
            3.6) Add the "sine wave wobble effect" sound to another track.
            3.7) Speed up this new track by 1.5x, so it sounds faster and higher-pitched.
            3.8) Select the 0.8s after 0.48s of the wobble track and fade out.
            3.9) Crop to 0.56 seconds.
            3.10) Add the "dismiss drums" sound to another track.
    
    Creating Pikmin noises
        1) Grab the original noise, and slow it down to 0.5x speed.
        2) Record an imitation of the noise. Trying to match the voice's timbre and hitting the highest notes the voice hits is important.
        3) Speed up the imitation to 2.0x speed.
        Tips:
            Looks like being loud helps.
            You'll want to make your noise (pre-speed up) in the tone of C4.


To add a glow to the cursor on GIMP
    Alpha to selection.
    Grow selection by 2.
    Selection blur by 5.
    Bucket fill the selection with white, in a layer under the cursor.
    Set that layer's opacity to 75%.


Tips for when you're making content
    Try not to use spaces in your file names, and replace them with underscores instead. It should be fine, but on some machines and installations, it could prove troublesome.
    If you want to save space, use PNGCrush on your PNG files.
    Normally, you don't need to make your game feel different from the rest. After all, this is a ''Pikmin'' game, so it's normal that it feels like a ''Pikmin'' game. On the other hand, though, giving your game a more unique feel can make it look like a brand new thing, instead of just a bunch of new elements that follow a stale mold.
    ''Pikmin'' games take place over the course of several days, and the playable time in a day lasts from early dawn to night, normally. One of the engine's features is to cast a lighting effect that changes the lighting of the area as time passes, per weather condition. The standard one starts at a faint pink, goes to bright white, to sunset orange, to dark. However, if your game takes a more serious and dark tone, you could literally darken the lighting! Just decrease the existing weather lighting values by a small bit. It won't have much of a gameplay impact, but it'll feel darker, eerier, less cheery. On the other hand, if your game is more light-hearted, make the lighting slightly brighter.
    Spruce up the existing particle effects. Particle effects exist to complement the game's feel, so changing that changes the feel of the game.
    

Bag of notes (useful stuff)
    If mobs start moving so fast that they can clip through walls
        Keep track of its sector before the move. If after the move, no wall collisions were registered, but it's on a different sector, then that's all you need to know: a collision happened
    Carrying speed balancing
        If I ever need to balance carrying speeds because heavy objects being carried at the same (max) speed as light objects looks bad
            Instead of having a max speed penalty for the object's weight, have it for the number of max carriers instead
        If the speed with multiple Pikmin of different types is unbalanced
            The current code (as of September 2017) is averaging the speed of the carriers and then crunching the numbers based on the total of carriers. Maybe, it should instead SUM the speed of the carriers and then do whatever crunching stuff?
    For the problem where JPGs don't appear under Wine
        It's not related to bitmap formats, bitmap flags, display formats, etc.
        Fixable by upgrading Wine from version 1.6!
    Why don't mobs have more than one timer?
        The actions for setting a different timer are easy, but on the event, having to check which timer is the one that triggered is going to complicate the script needlessly
    Ideas for representing height
        Distant sectors (above, below, or both?) could have fog drawn on top of them
    What about upscaling the game?
        Forget it. It's an insane headache. Between changing all of the file formats, variables, constants, etc. to the new numbers, you'd have to update the SVG and PNG files, and there are other tiny code problems that aren't immediately apparent. Players can just increase the resolution and zoom_mid_level.
        What if a higher resolution zooms in the game further (except for the HUD and menus and such), and zoom_mid_level can be used to see more or less by default? This makes sense, since if the game's min zoom is 0.5, that's because the creator doesn't want you to see too far.
    Carrying
        Mobs that care about paths can only be in one of two stats: moving, or stuck
        When an obstacle is freed, it can only matter to the mob in one of the following ways:
            It is irrelevant to the mob's goal
            If blocked, it unblocks its current path
            If blocked, it unblocks a new path
            If unblocked, it unblocks a faster path than the current one
    Area editor
        Open problems
            If the user turns a sector inside out, there's not much the engine can do...
            If the user starts stitching by grabbing only one vertex, it'll complain that a sector is cut up
            There should be a clear way to communicate that you can't drag a sector into another...
            On the area editor, two triangular sectors, facing one another, sharing the middle vertex (like an hourglass lying down). The right triangle should be then turned into a rhombus, by adding a new vertex slightly above the joining vertex. Finally, drag the left triangle's top-left vertex and drop it in the top line. It will let you do so despite crossing lines. I have no idea how to solve this (January 2018)
            Dragging a sector entirely outside of its parent sector is allowed, and there isn't a whole lot the engine can do to detect this...
        Conclusions
            Looks like there are only four ways for a new polygon (N) to be related to any existing polygon (E): N is parent of E, N is child of E, N is neighbor of E, or N is not connected to E
            A sector can only have no holes, have 1+ holes, or be the void
        Stuff me and others don't like about the Smash 4 stage creator
            If you mistap while creating a polygon, it can close off the entire thing; this is extra cumbersome for long polygons
            Creating a polygon next to another makes one of them go further above or below in the Z axis, which can look very awkward
            You can't move a vertex/edge of an already-made polygon
            Counting with the grid is so hard
            1-level undo
        Stuff me and others don't like about the Smash Ultimate stage creator
            The B button doesn't cancel out of stuff, but instead, makes you quit
            You can't cancel a line after you've started it
            If you started a line, there's no quick way to finish it (at least, not by pressing any obvious button)
            Sub-menus cannot be closed by pressing B
            The grid is hidden behind the layers view
            The grid can't be toggled with the GameCube controller
            To select a platform and all platforms it's touching, you have to tap and hold, which isn't documented
            The function of switches isn't obvious
            There are three different sets of instructions
            The grid is nearly invisible sometimes
            One of the buttons is called "Play", and it's an ambiguous term (preview the physics, or playtest?)
            You can't change the background music once you've started
            A plain background would be better to work on (at least in the editor only, not in gameplay)
            Making small terrain is only possible with workarounds (using the resize feature with more connected blocks)
        Stuff me and others didn't like about Mario Maker 2's course maker
            Second analog stick does nothing in controller mode
            If you're on the menus, you can't scroll in controller mode
            Placing a Fire Flower on a Mushroom does nothing, but the opposite does
            Handheld mode forces you to not use controller mode
            You can't place blocks when in zoomed-out mode
    Steps I've followed to get the engine on VS 2010
        I used Visual Studio 2010 to compile for XP
        Used the msvc-10.0 library version of Allegro so it works on XP
        Properties > Config. Properties > General > Platform Toolset set to v100
        If it complains about min or max, add an #include <algorithm> to the top
        If it complains about scopes inside lambdas, it probably wants a "this" to be passed into the lambda, or cannot infer a "this" inside the lambda
        If it gives linker errors, check what classes it keeps complaining about, and see if the files where that class is declared/defined are part of the workspace
    Steps I've followed to get the engine on VS 2019
        Installed Visual Studio
            I've installed Visual Studio Community, but any version should work
            When asked for the features, I enabled the following:
                MSVC v142 - VS 2019 C++ x64/x86 Build Tools (or whatever latest version)
                Windows 10 SDK
        Created a brand new solution
            To get it to run on Wine
                Changed the release build
                    Properties, C/C++, Code Generation, Runtime Library: Multi-threaded (/MT)
                    Properties/Configuration Properties/Allegro 5/Library Type/Library Type: Static Monolith Release
            Properties/C/C++/Output Files/Object File Name: $(IntDir)/obj/%(RelativeDir) (fixes multiple files called the same freaking out during object creation time, even if they're in different folders)
            Properties/Linker/Input/Additional Dependencies: Include winmm.lib (fixes "unresolved external symbol" errors)
            Properties/C/C++/Preprocessor/Preprocessor Definitions: Include WIN32, _WINDOWS, (those two are probably needed), NOMINMAX (fixes std::min and std::max problems), WIN32_LEAN_AND_MEAN (fixes some "'byte' ambiguous symbol" errors), _CMATH_ (fixes the cmath file freaking out)
    Why not use constexpr?
        For one thing, it requires C++17, which MAY be incompatible with a Windows XP release?
        For functions, this won't really do anything unless their calls use constants. Which is basically never.
        For constants, first, you'd have to move all constant initializations in .cpp files to their declarations in .h files. Second, this removes your ability to do some things with them, like passing them into functions that have arguments by reference, or access an element of an array.
    Why not use foreach and/or iterators?
        In testing, it turned out to be slower than accessing by index, in vectors.
    Possible optimizations
        Create a Resource class, and make Texture and Sound inherit from it?
            Here's an idea to save on loading times and resource usage: when an area is unloaded, its resources stay in memory, even if they are all marked as having 0 uses. Then, when loading a new area, for resources that are already loaded, simply point to them. This saves on loading times. Then, save a list of new requested resources. Unload all of the unused resources, to save on memory, and then load the new ones.
        A class that divides tasks between frames (think C#'s things)?
            Like: task_divisor(TASK_ID_CHECK_2ND_CLOSEST_PIKMIN, 4, 0, leaders.size(), [] (int p) { if(pikmin[p]...) });
                This would make the task of checking for the 2nd closest Pikmin spread out through 4 frames.
                Task ID, so the game can keep track of where it was last frame; number of frames to span; starting iterator number; ending iterator number; function to perform, receiving the iterator number from the divisor.
            Re-read C#'s way for more tips
            Other approach: for mobs that should have processing skips (mobs that are off-camera, or decorative mobs):
                Only process them one out of every X frames
                The mobs that get processed on this frame are the mobs whose array index mod the number of frames is 0 (or something like that)
        Only load the mob types, hazards, etc. required by the area.
        Vector -> list?
        All maps of strings should be replaced with maps of ints
        Make off-screen mobs only tick every other frame -- remember to make them tick worth the total amount of time they've missed out on
            Certain mobs (decoration) shouldn't even tick at all when off-screen, and tick every other frame when on-screen
        Don't re-calculate ALL the ears, convex, etc. every clip, when triangulating
        http://blog2.emptycrate.com/content/c-loop-optimization
        http://stackoverflow.com/questions/25078285/replacing-a-32-bit-loop-count-variable-with-64-bit-introduces-crazy-performance?rq=1
        http://www.tantalon.com/pete/cppopt/compiler.htm#CppLanguage
        s/find/lower_bound
        x myx = x(abc) -> x myx(abc)
        sin() vs lookup_sin()
        http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/2e70t5y1.aspx
        Use .reserve() on vectors of known size
        Use .shrink_to_fit() on vectors where you want the memory to be freed
        Declare variables next to the relevant code, not at the top of the function
        static_cast instead of normal C-style cast
    Why do some areas have erratic framerates?
        It's the Pikmin amount, most likely. For some reason I didn't confirm, many Pikmin make the framerate vary a bunch.
    Looks like ImGui has some leak of sorts. If I leave the animation editor or area editor on for a few hours, eventually my system starts to slow down; even the mouse cursor updates slowly, even outside Pikifen. Leaving to the main menu, or playing the game proper returns everything to normality, and entering an editor again brings everything to a crawl again. There is no increase in CPU or RAM usage, so I have no idea why this is happening...


Procedure for every version release
    Release candidate
        In Visual Studio
            Add all added source files, and remove removed source files, if needed
                Use the helper tool to get a list, or run:
                    git diff --name-status $(git describe --abbrev=0 --tags) | grep ^\[AD\].Source/source
            Confirm that the subsystem option in the release build's linker options is set to Windows
        Compile as a release build
        Point down all changes that were necessary for this to compile
        Create a zip file (see below)
        Send it to beta testers so they can check for stuff that's immediately wrong
        After they're done, tell them to confirm that Error_log.txt reported nothing
    Final preparations
        Change version number in the code
            Use the helper tool, or edit const.h and Pikifen.rc
        Change version number of all areas
        Pass all files through AStyle
        Compile with -Wall and correct all problems
        Use cppcheck on the code and correct the problems
        Confirm that there are no superfluous #includes (how?)
        Confirm that no line goes over 80 characters
            Use the helper tool, or run:
                grep -Enr --include="*.cpp" ^.\{81,\}$
        Confirm that all function definitions are sorted alphabetically, and by namespace
            Use the helper tool
        Confirm that all includes are sorted alphabetically
            Use the helper tool
        Confirm that all functions have documentation, and that it has no missing/extra parameters
            Use the helper tool
        Confirm that all function definitions and blocks of includes have two empty lines of space before what comes next
        Fix up all changed images since the last release
            Use the helper tool to get the list, or run:
                git diff --name-status $(git describe --abbrev=0 --tags) | grep -E '^[AM].*(png|jpg)'
            Confirm that the most recent ground textures are a power of 2
            PNGCrush the png files
            This might help (make sure filelist.txt has LF linebreaks):
                cat filelist.txt | while read line; do pngcrush -brute $line $line.new; done;
        Fix up all changed SVG files
            Use the helper tool to get the list, or run:
                git diff --name-status $(git describe --abbrev=0 --tags) | grep -E '^[AM].*svg'
            Remove large reference images and screenshots
            Use the cleanup document tool in Inkscape
            Make sure they have a license
                https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
            Make sure they have metadata
                Title: <Object name> spritesheet
                Author: André "Espyo" Silva
                Keywords: Pikifen spritesheet
                Description: Spritesheet for the <object name> pre-packaged in Pikifen. See http://www.pikminfanon.com/Pikifen
        Update the Allegro version number on the Compiling page of the manual, if it changed
        Check any changes made on Windows in order to compile, and port them over
    Final build
        Compile it once more on Linux just to be sure (full build)
        Delete Error_log.txt
        Make sure the title screen shows the right version
        Test it out by playing a bit
        Confirm that Error_log.txt reported no errors
    Release
        Commit all changes made in preparation for the next version, and push
        Tag the commit (format "X.X.X"), but don't push
        Compile it on Windows
            Make sure it's the release target
        Create a zip (see below)
        Push the tag
        Release the new version on GitHub
    
    When creating a zip to send somebody or to release
        Zip the release's folder
            The folder should be named "Pikifen_X.X" (or "Pikifen_X.X.X" if there are revision changes, or "Pikifen_X.X_RC" if it's a release candidate)
            Executable for Windows
            Manual folder
            Game_data folder
                Sans testing areas
            README file
            LICENSE file
            Manual.html file
            Name the zip file the same as the folder
            The file format is .zip, not .7z
